README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jay-gleeson/spookathon-2025">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-639?logo=css&logoColor=fff" alt="CSS Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000" alt="JavaScript Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000?logo=flask&logoColor=fff" alt="Flask Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=fff" alt="Python Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-886FBF?logo=googlegemini&logoColor=fff" alt="Google Gemini Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel Badge">
</div>

# 🎃 Spooky Pomodoro  
Halloween-themed Pomodoro timer using Gemini API.

Sometimes, the default pomodoro times of 25 focus minutes and 5 minute breaks don't work for everybody. Some students have shorter or longer focus periods; sometimes a student needs to spend more time studying than not. This web app generates focus times based on how long you have to study for your next assignment, gauging how long you should focus in order to be successful.

---

## 🕸️ Overview  
Created during **Spookathon 2025**, a 24-hour hackathon hosted by Iota Xi at **Orange Coast College (OCC)**

---

## 🧠 How It Works  
1. Enter how long you plan to study and when your exam is.  
2. The Flask backend sends this info to the **Gemini API**.  
3. Gemini returns focus and break durations that fit your needs.
4. The timer then reflects the new times.

---

## 🕯️ Project Images
<div align="center">
<img height="280" alt="Landing page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca4b37dc-fe86-4703-af1c-1ef3115ade6d" />
<img height="280" alt="API alert" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d96a7086-9e4e-4f55-997a-629211e4a31f" />
</div>

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack  
- Frontend: **HTML, CSS, JavaScript**
- Backend: **Python (Flask)**
- API: **Google Gemini**
- Deployment: **Vercel**

---

## 🪦 Future Additions  
- Custom model, additional parameters.
- Customizable themes, colors, etc.
- Extra additions like calendar, weather, etc.

---

## 👻 Created By 
- **Arly Zavala** - Frontend development
- **Dominick Nguyen** - Backend development
- **Mary Pham** - Frontend development
- **Jay Gleeson** - Backend development

## 🕰️ Acknowledgement
- Background image credit: [Chewdichew303 on Pixilart](https://www.pixilart.com/art/hallows-eve-sr26e4968dd1daws3?ft=topic&ft_id=14)
- Loading gif credit: [Andrew Onorato on Giphy](https://giphy.com/stickers/ghost-spin-ghosts-fnfONXQS7MmHi2AcsJ)
- Favicon credit: [Apple Ghost Emoji](https://emojipedia.org/apple/ios-16.4/ghost)

## License  
MIT License

Commit message:

update: README.md
Updated project description and added accolades.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="GitHub License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/jay-gleeson/spookathon-2025">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="HTML Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-639?logo=css&logoColor=fff" alt="CSS Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000" alt="JavaScript Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000?logo=flask&logoColor=fff" alt="Flask Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=fff" alt="Python Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Gemini-886FBF?logo=googlegemini&logoColor=fff" alt="Google Gemini Badge">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-%23000000.svg?logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Vercel Badge">
</div>

# 🎃 Spooky Pomodoro  
Halloween-themed Pomodoro timer using Gemini API. 💀

Sometimes, the default pomodoro times of 25 focus minutes and 5 minute breaks don't work for everybody. Some students have shorter or longer focus periods; sometimes a student needs to spend more time studying than not. This web app generates focus times based on how long you have to study for your next assignment, gauging how long you should focus in order to be successful.

This project won **Best in Daily Life**. 🎉

---

## 🕸️ Overview  
Created during **Spookathon 2025**, a 24-hour hackathon hosted by Iota Xi at **Orange Coast College (OCC)**

---

## 🧠 How It Works  
1. Enter how long you plan to study and when your exam is.  
2. The Flask backend sends this info to the **Gemini API**.  
3. Gemini returns focus and break durations that fit your needs.
4. The timer then reflects the new times.

---

## 🕯️ Project Images
<div align="center">
<img height="280" alt="Landing page" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca4b37dc-fe86-4703-af1c-1ef3115ade6d" />
<img height="280" alt="API alert" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d96a7086-9e4e-4f55-997a-629211e4a31f" />
</div>

---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack  
- Frontend: **HTML, CSS, JavaScript**
- Backend: **Python (Flask)**
- API: **Google Gemini**
- Deployment: **Vercel**

---

## 🪦 Future Additions  
- Custom model, additional parameters.
- Customizable themes, colors, etc.
- Extra additions like calendar, weather, etc.

---

## 👻 Created By 
- **Arly Zavala** - Frontend development
- **Dominick Nguyen** - Backend development
- **Mary Pham** - Frontend development
- **Jay Gleeson** - Backend development

## 🕰️ Acknowledgement
- Background image credit: [Chewdichew303 on Pixilart](https://www.pixilart.com/art/hallows-eve-sr26e4968dd1daws3?ft=topic&ft_id=14)
- Loading gif credit: [Andrew Onorato on Giphy](https://giphy.com/stickers/ghost-spin-ghosts-fnfONXQS7MmHi2AcsJ)
- Favicon credit: [Apple Ghost Emoji](https://emojipedia.org/apple/ios-16.4/ghost)

## License  
MIT License
